Create README.md for lakeFS Hadoop FileSystem (#2322)
treeverse/lakeFS: clients/hadoopfs/README.md

# lakeFS Hadoop FileSystem

> An implementation of `org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem`, the lakeFS Hadoop Filesystem allows to run Spark jobs on lakeFS with data operations performed directly on S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation of `org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem`, the lakeFS Hadoop Filesystem allows to run Spark jobs on lakeFS with data operations performed directly on the underlying storage.
```
